hey it's Kip here we're back here again
with the Barnett buck commander we're
gonna take couple shots with it
I've already cocked it which I'll show
you right here guys first of all we're
gonna take the quiver off I'm gonna give
you a demonstration and actually how to
cock this it's not a lot of people to
show you on YouTube how to cock a
crossbow this is how I do it with the
cable system it may not be the perfect
way this is works for me like I said I
did harvest the buck with us last year
it was prior to me being on YouTube so
fortunately I didn't have any video
footage of that here this is a pulley
cable system you got two hooks what the
pulleys built-in right here and then you
need to adjust this so it's comfortable
for you
main thing during cocking this is
keeping these into the inside of the
rail here that way it cocks nice and
evenly pull evenly put your foot in here
and like I said they do make a ratchet
style cocking device for this but there
are another hundred dollars but I'm
still able to cock this with just a
cable pulley system so here we go just
like that
automatically goes on safe with this
particular motto
once it's cock so no further ado let's
move the camera and we'll take some
shots downrange let's check it out all
right now since you guys seen how to do
that with a cable system we got some
field tips on we've got a target down
there about 20 yards away and we're
gonna take a couple shots with this and
see how it performs this is just to give
you a general idea I got a camera
downrange on the actual target and let's
see how it does
it's a lot up another one and check it
out we're only shooting 20 yards if we
could shoot further but I'll for this
video I'm just demonstrating that to you
how it performs at about 20 yards soul
like I said when this one cocks the
safety goes out automatically so to
shoot it obviously safety off we're not
using it illuminated today I don't have
the red dot on so we're just using
standard direct achill in it and like I
said I'm using the top
there's four different replicas I'm
using the one from 0 to 25 yards that's
how I have a saddle din and I'm
comfortable with that
that'll harvest anything that I need to
harvest so let's check it out
get that one shot just a little bit hi
this is being like a hunting situation
free hand no rest so let's put another
one down range and we'll show you the
group hey let's take another shot down
the range here listen the third shot
we'll see what kind of group we end up
with these are the first three shots of
the year with this crossbow no
adjustments since the previous fall
safety off
you
I'll tell you what guys hope you enjoyed
the video this thing shoots very nice my
uncle's got the Raptor and this is the
buck commander the Raptor is like 10
more feet per second faster and I really
enjoy this crossbow and hope you guys
like some hunting videos some hunting
things
we got deer we got ducks we got a small
game and like I've always said on my
channel you never know what's next you
guys stay tuned because there's a lot
more to come here and you just don't
know what's not so you guys have a great
day we'll see you soon